[codex] Fix Feature Flags documentation guidance (#36573)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/server/java.md

This page describes how to instrument a Java application with the Datadog Feature Flags SDK. Datadog feature flags provide a unified way to remotely control feature availability in your app, experiment safely, and deliver new experiences with confidence.

> The Java SDK integrates feature flags directly into the Datadog Java tracer (`dd-trace-java`) and implements the [OpenFeature](https://openfeature.dev/) standard for maximum flexibility and compatibility.

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** Clarifies that Java Feature Flags are integrated with the Datadog Java tracer (`dd-trace-java`), reducing the ambiguity caused by the generic `Datadog SDK` phrase.

- **Java 11 or higher**
- **Datadog Java SDK**: Version **1.57.0** or later
- **OpenFeature SDK**: Version **1.18.2** or later

> - **Datadog Agent**: Version **7.55 or later** with [Remote Configuration][1] enabled

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** The server hub and other pages use Agent 7.55 or later for Feature Flags. Updating Java removes the cross-SDK inconsistency that previously said only Agent 7.x was required.

### Application configuration

If your application already runs with `-javaagent:dd-java-agent.jar` and Remote Configuration is available, you only need to add the feature flagging variable (`DD_EXPERIMENTAL_FLAGGING_PROVIDER_ENABLED=true`). Skip the SDK download and JVM configuration steps.

Configure your Java application with the required environment variables or system properties:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Environment Variables" %}}
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}

> # Required: Enable the feature flagging provider

Author: 🤖 **Context from Codex:** Java should match the server hub: enable the Feature Flags provider, and enable `DD_METRICS_OTEL_ENABLED` only when customers want `feature_flag.evaluations` metrics. Remote Configuration still needs to be available, but the SDK-level override is not the primary required step.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

The Datadog feature flagging system starts automatically when the tracer is initialized with Remote Configuration available and the feature flagging provider enabled. No additional initialization code is required in your application.

<div class="alert alert-danger">Feature flagging requires <code>DD_EXPERIMENTAL_FLAGGING_PROVIDER_ENABLED=true</code> and Remote Configuration connectivity. Without the provider setting, the feature flagging system does not start and the <code>Provider</code> returns the programmatic default.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-info">Remote Configuration must be available for server-side Feature Flags. On supported Agent versions it is enabled by default. Only set SDK-level Remote Configuration variables, such as <code>DD_REMOTE_CONFIG_ENABLED=true</code>, if your tracer has Remote Configuration disabled and you need to override that setting.</div>

Reviewer: "On supported Agent versions it is enabled by default" is vague. Be specific:

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Remote Configuration must be available for server-side Feature Flags. It is enabled by default on Agent 7.47.0 and later. Only set SDK-level Remote Configuration variables (such as <code>DD_REMOTE_CONFIG_ENABLED=true</code>) if your tracer has Remote Configuration disabled and you need to override that setting.</div>
```

The same alert text also appears at `content/en/feature_flags/server/_index.md:70` and would benefit from the same edit.
